Change screenshot, explain about server address inputs (#3)
ome/omero-guide-upload: docs/import-desktop-client.rst

#. This will open a list of servers to which you can connect. By default, only "localhost" is listed. Click on the plus icon to add a new line to the list and type into the line the server address.

   .. image:: images/importinsight9.png
   .. note::

>       If your server is running on a default port (``4064``), as it is usually the case, then you can simply just type in the server name such as ``my.server.name``. For servers running on a non-default port, e.g. ``54064``, type the address of the server as ``my.server.name:54064`` into the above dialog. Alternatively, you can also type in the IP address of your server, or connect using websocket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If your server is running on a default port (``4064``), as is usually the case, then you can simply just type in the server name such as ``my.server.name``. For servers running on a non-default port, e.g. ``54064``, type the address of the server as ``my.server.name:54064`` into the above dialog. Alternatively, you can also type in the IP address of your server or connect using websockets.
```
